<!DOCTYPE html>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/header.css"/>

<html>
<head>
  <title>governance</title>
  <link rel="icon" href="/favicon.ico" type="image/png">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
</head>

<header id="header" class="header">
    <a href="https://selenium.dev" class="headerLink">
      <img class="logo logo-large" src="/images/selenium_logo_large.png"/>
      <img class="logo logo-small" src="/images/selenium_logo_square_green.png"/>
      <img class="logo logo-small logo-hide" src="/images/selenium_logo_square_white.png"/>
    </a>

  <a id="dropdownButton" class="dropdownButton" onClick="toggleMenu()">MENU +</a>
	<nav id="navbar" class="navbar">
        <div class="nav-item" onClick="toggleAboutNav()">
            <span>About</span>
            <div id="aboutArrow" class="arrow-down"></div>
        </div>
              <ul id="aboutSubnav" class="about-subnav">
                  <div class="subnav subnav-item">
                    <a href="/about">About</a>
                  </div>
                  <div class="subnav subnav-item">
                    <a href="/project">Governance</a>
                  </div>
                  <div class="subnav subnav-item">
                    <a href="/events">Events</a>
                  </div>
                  <div class="subnav subnav-item">
                    <a href="/ecosystem">Ecosystem</a>
                  </div>
                  <div class="subnav subnav-item">
                    <a href="/history">History</a>
                  </div>
                  <div class="subnav subnav-item">
                    <a href="/getinvolved">Get Involved</a>
                  </div>
                  <div class="subnav subnav-item">
                    <a href="/sponsors">Sponsors</a>
                  </div>
              </ul>
		<a class="nav-item" href="/downloads">Downloads</a>
		<a class="nav-item" href="/projects">Projects</a>
		<a class="nav-item" href="/documentation">Documentation</a>
		<a class="nav-item" href="/support">Support</a>
		<a class="nav-item" href="/blog">Blog</a>
        <div class="nav-item">
        <div class="search-bar-container">
            <script>
              (function() {
                var cx = '018435082943254453647:ktxsp1-jcb8';
                var gcse = document.createElement('script');
                gcse.type = 'text/javascript';
                gcse.async = true;
                gcse.src = 'https://cse.google.com/cse.js?cx=' + cx;
                var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];
                s.parentNode.insertBefore(gcse, s);
              })();
            </script>
            <gcse:searchbox-only></gcse:searchbox-only>
            <img class="search-icon" src="/images/search.png"/>
        </div>
        </div>
  </nav>
</header>
<body>

<script>
  function activateSearch() {
    console.log('ACTIVATE')
  }

  function toggleMenu() {
    const navbarItems = document.getElementsByClassName("nav-item");
    const navbarElements = [...navbarItems];
    const smallLogos = document.getElementsByClassName("logo logo-small");
    const logoElements = [...smallLogos];
    const header = document.getElementById("header");
    const dropdownButton = document.getElementById("dropdownButton");
    const subnavs = document.getElementsByClassName("about-subnav");
    const subnavElements = [...subnavs];
    const aboutArrow = document.getElementById("aboutArrow");

    if(dropdownButton.innerText === "MENU +") {
      dropdownButton.innerText = "MENU -"
    } else dropdownButton.innerText = "MENU +"

    
    navbarElements.forEach(element => {
      if(element.className === "nav-item") {
        element.className += " dropdown-active"
      } else {
        element.className = "nav-item"
      }
    })

    
    subnavElements.forEach(element => {
      element.className = "about-subnav";
    });

    
    aboutArrow.className = "arrow-down";

    
    logoElements.forEach(element => {
      if(element.className.includes("logo-hide")) {
        element.className = "logo logo-small"
      } else {
        element.className += " logo-hide"
      }
    })

    
    if(header.className === "header") {
      header.className += " dropdown-active"
    } else {
      header.className = "header"
    }
  }

  function toggleAboutNav() {
    const aboutSubnav = document.getElementById("aboutSubnav");
    const aboutArrow = document.getElementById("aboutArrow");

    if(aboutSubnav.className === "about-subnav") {
      aboutSubnav.className += " about-subnav-active";
    } else {
      aboutSubnav.className = "about-subnav"
    }

    if(aboutArrow.className === "arrow-up") aboutArrow.className = "arrow-down";
    else aboutArrow.className = "arrow-up";
  }
</script>

<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/blog.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.css"/>
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Encode+Sans" rel="stylesheet">
<body>
<section class="hero">
    <a href="/blog"><h1>Selenium Blog - (categories-governance)</h1></a>
</section>
<div class="blog-container">
    <div class="blog-content">
        
        <div class="container dark-background">
            Friday, April 24, 2020 by <a href="https://twitter.com/diegofmolina">diemol</a>
            <a href="https://selenium.dev/blog/2020/public-project-meeting-20200423/"><h2>Public Project Meeting - April 23, 2020</h2></a>
            <p>Continuing the series of bi-weekly public project meetings, here is the
timeline of the meeting held on April 23, 2020 (times are on CET).</p>

<p>Meetings are held on the <code>#selenium-tlc</code> channel on <a href="https://seleniumhq.slack.com/join/shared_invite/enQtODAwOTUzOTM5OTEwLTZjZjgzN2ExOTBmZGE0NjkwYzA2Nzc0MjczMGYwYjdiNGQ5YjI0ZjdjYjFhMjVlMjFkZWJmNDYyMmU1OTYyM2Y">Selenium Slack</a>.</p>

<p>The next meeting will be on May 7, 2020, 4:30 PM CET.</p>

<hr />

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:32 PM</em></p>

<p>Hi all, we are going to start the next project status meeting in a moment</p>

<p>for now, the agenda would be:</p>

<ul>
<li>project stats: +/- issues, prs</li>
<li>any staffing announcements</li>
<li>whats been worked on (seems things are picking up again)</li>
<li>whats next</li>
<li>when do we plan the next release</li>
<li>SeleniumConf status (for India and Chicago), and its website</li>
</ul>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:32 PM</em></p>

<p>Does someone want to announce it on the main #selenium channel too?</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:33 PM</em></p>

<p>I can do that</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:33 PM</em></p>

<p>Thanks</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:34 PM</em></p>

<p>before we start, does anyone want to add a topic?</p>

<p><em>4:36</em></p>

<p>maybe we can also discuss the Go bindings again</p>

<p>but I will take that silence as a &ldquo;no more topics&rdquo;</p>

<p>First topic, project stats: +/- issues, prs&hellip;</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:37 PM</em></p>

<p>@AutomatedTester probably knows those</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:37 PM</em></p>

<p>Since a few weeks we are under 65 PRs and 400 issues, we made progress but not as significant as in the previous weeks</p>

<p>I am looking at a couple of OSS projects that build a dashboard so we have a better overview</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:38 PM</em></p>

<p>It’s the law of diminishing returns. We’re starting to hit actual issues and things that need thinking about</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:41 PM</em></p>

<p>I experimented during the weekend with <a href="https://chaoss.github.io/grimoirelab/">https://chaoss.github.io/grimoirelab/</a> and <a href="https://github.com/cncf/devstats">https://github.com/cncf/devstats</a>, I liked the first one more, but we need to find a place where to deploy it for free
Recently I bumped into <a href="https://github.com/google/triage-party">https://github.com/google/triage-party</a>, which could be also a good one to have an overview (edited)</p>

<p><em>4:42</em></p>

<p>all this in the spirit of having a clear project status for everyone</p>

<p>I can try to have something working for the next meeting, does anyone have more comments or should we move to the next topic?</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:42 PM</em></p>

<p>No comments from me</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:43 PM</em></p>

<p>next topic: any staffing announcements, what did you mean by this @adamgoucher?</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:43 PM</em></p>

<p>@harsha509 has joined the team :slightly_smiling_face:</p>

<p><em>adamgoucher  4:43 PM</em></p>

<p>anyone get the commit bit, step away from a committee, etc.</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:44 PM</em></p>

<p>well, @tourdedave mentioned he does not have the bandwidth to be in the TLC (which is my fault because I added him without asking, in the spirit of having someone from the IDE)</p>

<p><em>4:45</em></p>

<p>we could just leave it as it is or ask around if someone is interested?</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:45 PM</em></p>

<p>Having a strong owner for the IDE would be really helpful</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  4:47 PM</em></p>

<p>I&rsquo;m afraid unless he or Tomer change their mind, I&rsquo;m not sure anyone exists who could fit the bill</p>

<p>we maintain really strong contacts with Dave.. that might have to be good enough for now</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:48 PM</em></p>

<p>the TLC has no size limit, so things could continue as they are, right?</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:49 PM</em></p>

<p>They could</p>

<p>And it sounds a bit unfair to continue to lean on @tourdedave after he’s stepped away</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:51 PM</em></p>

<p>what the IDE needs for now is support from the PLC, since Microsoft wants to help with having the extension on Edge (new), but I think @AutomatedTester asked to be introduced to them, not sure what the status is there</p>

<p>support as in, sort out legal stuff for creating an account on the MS store</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:52 PM</em></p>

<p>That won’t be hard. Someone needs to message the selenium@conservancy.org</p>

<p><em>Tomer Steinfeld  4:52 PM</em></p>

<p>I introduced @AutomatedTester I think the next step is to have someone from the SFC create an account</p>

<p>To do that we need PLC stamp</p>

<p>So that the SFC will do it</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:52 PM</em></p>

<p>@mmerrell want to run with that, or shall we ask @AutomatedTester to do it?</p>

<p><em>Titus Fortner  4:52 PM</em></p>

<p>What does that give the project though, if it isn&rsquo;t the electron implementation?</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  4:52 PM</em></p>

<p>I can run with it</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:52 PM</em></p>

<p>I’m happy with @AutomatedTester on point here :slightly_smiling_face:</p>

<p><em>Titus Fortner  4:52 PM</em></p>

<p>Not saying we should ever turn down help</p>

<p>Just curious</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  4:53 PM</em></p>

<p>He might have better contacts than me</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:53 PM</em></p>

<p>@titusfortner support on Edge, and maybe someone from MS will step into the gap</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:53 PM</em></p>

<p>to have the IDE working on the new Edge</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:53 PM</em></p>

<p>And also, and this is important, IDE working on Edge (as @diemol says)</p>

<p><em>Titus Fortner  4:55 PM</em></p>

<p>I thought all chromium apps worked already. I should actually use it :)</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:55 PM</em></p>

<p>could we leave as an action item to have @mmerrell (since he is in the PLC) chat with @AutomatedTester in case David needs help with the PLC? and have a status for the next meeting?</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  4:56 PM</em></p>

<p>Sure</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  4:57 PM</em></p>

<p>you ok with that @mmerrell?</p>

<p>while he answers, should we move slowly to the next topic?</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:00 PM</em></p>

<p>yeah, I&rsquo;m ok with that</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:00 PM</em></p>

<p>next topic, whats been worked on (seems things are picking up again)</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:00 PM</em></p>

<p>I’ve some diffs lined up</p>

<p><em>5:01</em></p>

<ul>
<li>Streamlining how we manage cli flags and configuration, so that things included on the ClassPath get picked up too</li>
<li>WebSocket proxying</li>
<li>A patch that I started at SeConf (I know) to get relative locators working a little more nicely</li>
<li>I also have experimental support for pinning browser versions (and their drivers) in the bazel build, which resolves some issues that folks may have</li>
</ul>

<p>When I get some bandwidth, landing those would be nice</p>

<p>After that, I’ll dig into the .Net stuff now that @jimevans has it working on macOS and see whether there’s some jiggery-pokery with select we can do so that bazel test //… will work the way we expect it to</p>

<p>Oh, I’ve also started wrapping OpenTelemetry with our own APIs so we do an update without too much chaos</p>

<p>0.2.0 -&gt; 0.3.0 is messy</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:04 PM</em></p>

<p>From my side:</p>

<ul>
<li>Docker images working with the Grid 4 Alpha 5, only supporting standalone and hub/node for now</li>
<li>Working on adding support for retries in the Grid, issue #8167</li>
<li>Also, added tags and categories to the blog in selenium.dev, so now all governance related meetings can be seen at <a href="https://www.selenium.dev/categories/governance/">https://www.selenium.dev/categories/governance/</a></li>
</ul>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:04 PM</em></p>

<p>ditto me for the &ldquo;quiesce&rdquo; feature, in terms of &ldquo;working since SeConf&rdquo; and &ldquo;when I get some bandwidth&rdquo;</p>

<p><em>Jim Evans  5:05 PM</em></p>

<p>@simonstewart let me know what you’d like to see here in terms of .NET.</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:05 PM</em></p>

<p>the bulk of it is complete, still do to:</p>

<p>actually spin down the nodes</p>

<p><em>5:05</em></p>

<p>write unit tests</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:06 PM</em></p>

<p>I’ve still been pondering on how we make it possible to spin the grid up in an ad-hoc order</p>

<p>And I keep coming back to the fact that life would be easier if we had a backbone of a “message bus”, a “key/value store”, and a “service registry”</p>

<p>We definitely have the message bus already</p>

<p>And the session-map is perilously close to being a key/value store</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:07 PM</em></p>

<p>conceptually I wanted to cover that in the support for retries issue, because we cannot expect the docker containers to start always in the same order</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:07 PM</em></p>

<p>Right</p>

<p>Regularly has support for a successful retry and an unsuccessful retry</p>

<p>But we can’t build everything on that :slightly_smiling_face:</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:08 PM</em></p>

<p>I want to tackle that first, so at some point containers can be used in other envs</p>

<p>between <a href="https://jodah.net/failsafe/fallback/">https://jodah.net/failsafe/fallback/</a> and <a href="https://github.com/resilience4j/resilience4j">https://github.com/resilience4j/resilience4j</a> I am liking more the first one (edited)</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:08 PM</em></p>

<p>You’re writing the code, and I like both of them :slightly_smiling_face:</p>

<p><em>5:09</em></p>

<p>Fallback is also used by an alternative netty-based http client</p>

<p>We may need to switch from AsynHttpClient because it doesn’t support http2 (or unix domain sockets)</p>

<p><em>5:10</em></p>

<p>I’ve been looking at io.projectreactor.netty:reactor-netty:0.9.6.RELEASE and I think @barancev may have some code</p>

<p>Or he may not :slightly_smiling_face:</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:10 PM</em></p>

<p>I guess we can come back to that when some written code from my side actually works :slightly_smiling_face:</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:11 PM</em></p>

<p>Well, it means that looking at failsafe fallback is a better bet</p>

<p>Which leans into your preference</p>

<p>So it’s more a datapoint than anything else</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:12 PM</em></p>

<p>sounds good</p>

<p>ok, should we move to the next topic, so we can hopefully finish on time</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:12 PM</em></p>

<p>SGTM</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:12 PM</em></p>

<p>next topic is, what&rsquo;s next &amp; when do we plan the next release</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:12 PM</em></p>

<p>Next release? I’d like a banner feature in. WebSockets and CDP across the Grid would be it, for me</p>

<p><em>5:13</em></p>

<p>Or we can just ship what we have</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:13 PM</em></p>

<p>that would be amazing</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:13 PM</em></p>

<p>It’s a SMOP</p>

<p>Simple Matter of Programming</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:13 PM</em></p>

<p>we have 267 commits after the alpha 5 release, sounds like there could be something we can release?</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:13 PM</em></p>

<p>So I think the choice we have to make is “timed releases” or “feature releases”</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:14 PM</em></p>

<p>I thought SMOP might be &ldquo;Simple Matter of Pfantasy&rdquo;</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:14 PM</em></p>

<p><code>git log selenium-4.0.0-alpha-5..HEAD --oneline java</code></p>

<p><em>5:15</em></p>

<p>HA! 098eb99991</p>

<p><em>5:15</em></p>

<p>We landed support for configs via TOML….</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:16 PM</em></p>

<p>true, what if we try to have the retries thing, docs for toml, and maybe have a release before the next status meeting?</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:16 PM</em></p>

<p>Looks like lots of little fixes</p>

<dl>
<dt>DOCS?</dt>
</dl>

<p>:wink:</p>

<p>I can write an info section for configuration</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:17 PM</em></p>

<p>that is what I was thinking</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:17 PM</em></p>

<p>kk</p>

<p>File an issue and assign it to me</p>

<p>(At some point, I need to do my day job)</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:17 PM</em></p>

<p>before the beta some of us need to make those docs a bit nicer for Se4</p>

<p><em>5:18</em></p>

<p>I will do that then</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:18 PM</em></p>

<p>Thank you</p>

<p>Shall we mark some issues as “4.0a6”?</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:19 PM</em></p>

<p>Maybe it is too much, not sure</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:19 PM</em></p>

<p>my offer still stands to help with issue hygiene, I just need permissions</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:19 PM</em></p>

<p>Or, perhaps, let’s work on our features, and next meeting ship 4.0a6 regardless of where we are</p>

<p>@mmerrell I’ll fix that up for you now</p>

<p>And @harsha509 too</p>

<p><em>Sri Harsha  5:20 PM</em>
Js bindings is already at alpha7. We can try to implement relative locators(which is pending in JS bindings) and release in next meeting.</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:21 PM</em></p>

<p>That’d be great</p>

<p>Thank you</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:21 PM</em></p>

<p>issue for TOML <a href="https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/issues/8232">https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/issues/8232</a></p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:22 PM</em></p>

<p>Thank you</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:22 PM</em></p>

<p>ok, two topics left</p>

<p>first is, SeleniumConf status (for India and Chicago), and its website</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:23 PM</em></p>

<p>I&rsquo;ll see if I can get a website update from Bill McGee now that it&rsquo;s a bit later on the west coast</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:23 PM</em></p>

<p>so India will happen (:crossed_fingers: ) in September, and Chicago in November, does anyone know any news related to that?</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:24 PM</em></p>

<p>@mmerrell you should have an invitation from GH to join the SeleniumHQ org. Am slightly surprised you’re not a member already :slightly_smiling_face:</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:26 PM</em></p>

<p>the conference status is currently:</p>

<ul>
<li>We&rsquo;re waiting until around May 15th to make a decision, but</li>
<li>While we believe the conference could happen in November, it&rsquo;s Bill McGee&rsquo;s observation that people right now just don&rsquo;t seem to be interested in buying tickets, submitting papers, or writing checks to sponsor in-person conferences right now</li>
<li>Given that we&rsquo;re having trouble motivating people to take the actions they need to take now (the previous point), it&rsquo;s hard to imagine how we can feel confident in a November conference in the near future</li>
<li>What I&rsquo;m saying is that, things in the community need to happen in May in order to hold a conference in November, and I don&rsquo;t have even the barest hint that those things will happen</li>
</ul>

<p>so, at this point we believe we will be able to recover most/all funds from the Holiday Inn, based on Sauce&rsquo;s experience with the Fairmont in Austin, and TestBash&rsquo;s experience in Detroit</p>

<p><em>5:27</em></p>

<p>but we&rsquo;re going to wait a few more weeks, a) because we can, and b) in case there&rsquo;s some kind of earth-shattering news that comes out that changes the picture</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:27 PM</em></p>

<p>The UK has been told that social distancing will remain necessary until next year</p>

<p><em>Alexei Barantsev  5:28 PM</em></p>

<p>@simonstewart I don&rsquo;t have any new code for http client yet, just an item on my todo list</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:28 PM</em></p>

<p>as you might have seen, our leadership much more optimistic :face_palm:</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:28 PM</em></p>

<p>@barancev ok. There’s no rush</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:29 PM</em></p>

<p>that&rsquo;s a great update @mmerrell, thanks</p>

<p>something else I wanted to ask is, if we could have at some point the SeleniumConf website code and assets also under the SeleniumHQ GitHub org</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:29 PM</em></p>

<p>Totes up for that</p>

<p>5:30
<em>I’ve another meeting to go to</em></p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:30 PM</em></p>

<p>me too. that&rsquo;s where things get sensitive</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:30 PM</em></p>

<p>Toodle pip</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:30 PM</em></p>

<p>but I think we need to head in that direction</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:30 PM</em></p>

<p>and as part of this, add the general conference guidelines to the governance doc</p>

<p><em>Marcus Merrell  5:30 PM</em></p>

<p>yep, that&rsquo;s on my plate</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:30 PM</em></p>

<p>that&rsquo;s fine, we can stop here as we have no more time</p>

<p><em>5:31</em></p>

<p>but we can keep the topic in our head for informal discussions</p>

<p><em>Simon Stewart  5:31 PM</em></p>

<p>You can carry on without me. I’m fine with that :slightly_smiling_face:</p>

<p><em>Diego Molina  5:31 PM</em></p>

<p>and have a status of it in the next meeting</p>

<p><em>5:32</em></p>

<p>to respect people&rsquo;s time, we will end the meeting here, I will upload the minutes to selenium.dev, and prepare an agenda for the next one</p>

<p><em>5:32</em></p>

<p>thank you everyone!</p>

            

<p><b>Tags</b></p>
<divs>
    
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/tags/slack/">slack</a>
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/tags/meeting/">meeting</a>
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/tags/tlc/">tlc</a></divs>


            

<p><b>Categories</b></p>
<div>
    
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/categories/general/">general</a>
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/categories/governance/">governance</a></div>


            <div class="share-container">
                <h3>Share this: </h3>

                <a href="mailto:?&subject=Selenium Blog - Public%20Project%20Meeting%20-%20April%2023%2c%202020&body=https%3a%2f%2fselenium.dev%2fblog%2f2020%2fpublic-project-meeting-20200423%2f"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/mail.png"/></a>
                <a href="https://twitter.com/home?status=https%3a%2f%2fselenium.dev%2fblog%2f2020%2fpublic-project-meeting-20200423%2f"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/twitter.png"/></a>
                <a href="https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://selenium.dev"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/facebook.png"/></a>
            </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="container dark-background">
            Sunday, April 19, 2020 by <a href="https://twitter.com/diegofmolina">diemol</a>
            <a href="https://selenium.dev/blog/2020/public-project-meeting-20200409/"><h2>Public Project Meeting - April 9, 2020</h2></a>
            <p>As an initiative to bring more transparency to the Selenium project, we are now holding bi-weekly public project
meetings. These are written meetings which are held on the <code>#selenium-tlc</code> channel on <a href="https://seleniumhq.slack.com/join/shared_invite/enQtODAwOTUzOTM5OTEwLTZjZjgzN2ExOTBmZGE0NjkwYzA2Nzc0MjczMGYwYjdiNGQ5YjI0ZjdjYjFhMjVlMjFkZWJmNDYyMmU1OTYyM2Y">Selenium Slack</a>.</p>

<p>Here is the timeline of the meeting held on April 9, 2020 (times are on CET).</p>

<p>The next meeting will be on April 23, 2020, 4:30 PM CET.</p>

<hr />

<p>Simon Stewart  4:31 PM
@adamgoucher there needs to be a calendar invite for these things</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:32 PM
well, originally the idea was that people could manage their own calendars but if you send me which email you want it attached to i can add you to the one ive been putting people on who wanted an invite</p>

<p>4:35 anyhow; here’s the rough approximation of an agenda. we’ll see how it goes;</p>

<ul>
<li>anything governance-y that needs to be discussed in public (not limited to, but including public announcement of people getting the commit bit, etc.)</li>
<li>status of prs</li>
<li>status of issues</li>
<li>status of se project related events (india, chicago are the big ones)</li>
<li>next release status and/or timeline</li>
<li>go around the metaphorical table on how people are doing against things they signed up for</li>
<li>anything that needs to get sussed out in public (from reading the channel, the main thing that came up is the js discussion)</li>
<li>open the floor for other discussions either instigated by ’project people</li>
</ul>

<p>4:38
anything governance-y that needs to be discussed in public (not limited to, but including public announcement of people getting the commit bit, etc.)</p>

<p>Diego Molina  4:38 PM
if there is time, let&rsquo;s add the recent topic of adding go bindings</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:38 PM
has there been an sfc call recently? (i cant remember when they are)</p>

<p>Diego Molina  4:40 PM
governance related, I&rsquo;d say:
we need to define where we put these meetings minutes, how we announce them widely (do we need?), and that we still need a code of conduct</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:41 PM
ok. @diemol pester my monday morning if i haven&rsquo;t figured out how to get them onto the blog by then</p>

<p>Diego Molina  4:41 PM
So, meetings minutes&hellip; we can put them in the same format as a blog entry, and we can tag/label them so they are publicly accessible
I can do that, I would just need the contents of the previous meetings, and also add small instructions on how to add new ones</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:43 PM
i think we just start with this one. i didnt take the most excellent notes the last couple and they might have expired out the channel (havent scrolled up to check)</p>

<p>Diego Molina  4:43 PM
ok, so I will start doing that with this onee</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:44 PM
who is the point person for the code of conduct</p>

<p>Diego Molina  4:44 PM
@AutomatedTester said something about being working on it?
4:44
but we currently have a draft, why don&rsquo;t we use that draft and iterate on it?</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:45 PM
makes sense. as we did with the other doc</p>

<p>4:46
ok. next thing on the list is status of prs. which @AutomatedTester has been culling like a mad man over the last week and we’re down the 62</p>

<p>4:47
followed closely by status of issues and there is now 402 which i think he is also attacking (but i dont have a number from 2 weeks ago)</p>

<p>Diego Molina  4:48 PM
perhaps we should set up a project health status dashboard
I saw a couple of OSS projects that could do that</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:49 PM
could be interesting. of course we could also then get into wild semantic discussions around ‘what’ healthy is.  :smile:</p>

<p>4:50
next; status of se project related events (india, chicago are the big ones)</p>

<p>4:51
i saw that seconf india has been moved to september. how is chicago looking?</p>

<p>Diego Molina  4:51 PM
I think no one is around who could reply that question</p>

<p>David Burns  4:52 PM
I also think it&rsquo;s too early to comment. Chicago is in lockdown at the moment for the foreseeable</p>

<p>4:52
we also need to be see how many venues are still around when we come out of our homes</p>

<p>Isaul Vargas  4:53 PM
As for big cities in the US, only by End of May can we know if restrictions will be lifted due to testing and lowering the curve.</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:53 PM
(it has more of a recurring agenda item more than me seeing someone who can answer)</p>

<p>4:54
and restrictions will be lifted in june and clamped back down in july. as is the way in a pandemic. (and really, will be until we get a vaccine)</p>

<p>4:55
next item; next release status and/or timeline. @simonstewart?</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  4:55 PM
India has been moved to later in the year</p>

<p>4:56
We’re running the 4.0 release in the open: <a href="https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/projects/2">https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/projects/2</a></p>

<p>4:56
The config stuff won’t be too horrible. I’m quite liking the fact that TOML opens up some options</p>

<p>adamgoucher  4:56 PM
yup. so is your plan still ‘push the button on stage to do the release and retire for your daily beverage’ or are we aiming for a same-ish part of the calender</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  4:56 PM
When we ship, I stand down</p>

<p>4:57
I’d still like to get the betas out soon</p>

<p>4:57
But there are some big pieces missing before we can get to that point</p>

<p>4:58
The big one being the CDP stuff across Grid, which I’ve many of the moving parts for in various branches on my machine</p>

<p>Diego Molina  4:58 PM
when I look at the things on the &ldquo;to do&rdquo; column, maybe 80% is Grid, right?</p>

<p>5:00
if so, it is something that calms me down because at least (from my side), I am having slowly more time to work on the code</p>

<p>5:00
but there are a couple of things on that list which concern me: IDE to the monorepo (and build it with bazel) + implement CDP and relative locators in JS</p>

<p>David Burns  5:01 PM
I am doing the IDE to mono repo now</p>

<p>5:01
relative locators in JS should be easy, I can do it or talk @harsha509 through it</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:02 PM
but in the IDE, what is our approach in terms of browser extension vs. electron</p>

<p>5:02
right now we could only do the browser extension, right?</p>

<p>David Burns  5:02 PM
that is separate from the mono repo work</p>

<p>5:03
these are questions for @tourdedave and @corevo</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:03 PM
Right now, there’s just the browser extension, but @tourdedave and @corevo did start work on the electron port</p>

<p>5:03
I’m not sure what kind of progress they’re making, if any</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:04 PM
ok, so it seems we will only focus on the browser extension for now</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:07 PM
ok, so to summarize;
all the known to-dos are in the github project
india has been shifted, but dont want to just move the target to september
aiming for betas to start soon, grid cdp is really the last big hurdle until those can start</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:08 PM
and the JS stuff, right?</p>

<p>5:08
(CDP + relative locators)</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:09 PM
i think we can skip the next thing which is ‘how are people progressing on the stuff they signed up for’ with a ‘see the github project’</p>

<p>5:11
because the next thing on the list i prepared was <code>- anything that needs to get sussed out in public</code> which, for today, means ‘what to do about javascript’. not sure that anything got resolved the other day but i think the core of it is ‘webdriver.js is the official binding but not under the auspices of the project’ or something?</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:11 PM
To reiterate feedback from other people, and my own reflections:</p>

<p>5:12
There is a general feeling that the selenium project should own the core of its own bindings
We’ve gone from having basically no-one interested in JS to having Sri on board (@harsha509)
We’ve not nailed down the overall strategy yet</p>

<p>5:14
Which kind of suggests not using webdriver.io’s webdriver module, but continuing to work with our own stuff</p>

<p>5:14
Unless that module moves under the aegis of the project</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:15 PM
oh, actually I was talking to @christian-bromann about it, and he manifested again his interest to help move the JS bindings to use the webdriver package, and leave things ready for someone who wants to maintain the bindings</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:15 PM
And if the code for the webdriver package was in our repo, I think that’s probably what we’d do</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:16 PM
I am not a 100% sure that he is ok with moving the code from that package to our repo
but in the worst case, would a copy/fork of the code work?</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:17 PM
That seems like a bad idea</p>

<p>Christian Bromann  5:17 PM
What is the problem of not having the webdriver binding in the Selenium repo?</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:18 PM
The feedback I’ve had from several people has been that they’re deeply uncomfortable with it, and won’t approve of it</p>

<p>5:18
It’s not just a technical thing</p>

<p>5:18
There are the social aspects to consider too</p>

<p>Christian Bromann  5:19 PM
I understand.</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:20 PM
well, the idea of the committees is to reach consensus in these cases, and it looks like we would never reach it for this situation</p>

<p>Christian Bromann  5:20 PM
Well the idea of generating raw bindings based of some json files is pretty easy to reimplement and I am happy to support how it can be done.</p>

<p>5:22
copying over the code form WebdriverIO to Selenium is rather difficult as it depends on some other wdio utilities (logging and utility functions)</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:22 PM
I do wonder how far adrift the JS bindings are</p>

<p>5:23
The obvious missing 4.0 features are relative locators and the CDP integration</p>

<p>5:23
The CDP integration isn’t nailed down properly anywhere. We’ve got access to the raw protocol, but we’ve yet to build the abstractions people would actually write against</p>

<p>Christian Bromann  5:23 PM
Given the situation I am would be also happy to invite the Selenium JS contributor to the WebdriverIO org to ensure code access and ability to merge/review code changes.</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:24 PM
Thank you</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:25 PM
well, then it seems JS bindings stay as they are
hopefully we all find a way to make them fit for the 4.0 release</p>

<p>5:25
should we talk about the go bindings?</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:26 PM
thats the only other thing on my list</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:26 PM
We can talk about Go bindings</p>

<p>5:27
Miki offered to donate <a href="https://github.com/tebeka/selenium">https://github.com/tebeka/selenium</a> to the project a while ago</p>

<p>5:27
I got busy and had health issues, so dropped things on the floor</p>

<p>5:27
Should we pick that back up again?</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:28 PM
is he also intending to maintain it (dunno the status of them) or is it a ‘i did a thing and dont need it anymore so someone can pick it up if they want’</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:28 PM
I dunno</p>

<p>5:28
That would be part of the conversation</p>

<p>David Burns  5:29 PM
if it&rsquo;s the latter then I am not sure we would want them. It&rsquo;s amazingly nice but the maintenance burden, potentially, doesnt feel worth it</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:30 PM
Indeed</p>

<p>5:30
But it would be nice to have some “official” Go bindings.</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:30 PM
i know nothing about go, but i feel like the bar for any binding to be included in the main project;
is it maintained?
is it idomatically correct for the language?
is there not a competing, more obvious one to incorporate?</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:30 PM
Turns out that people like them</p>

<p>5:30
s/them/the language/</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:30 PM
seems it is worthy to give the conversation a go</p>

<p>5:30
who would like to drive that conversation with Miki?</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:31 PM
It’s pretty dormant right now, but is that due to being complete?
My understanding is “yes”
Nothing that I’m aware of</p>

<p>5:31
puts finger on nose</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:31 PM
sounds like ‘you are a go’ for the conversation about go. as it were</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:31 PM
Not me</p>

<p>5:31
Yeah, I think it’s a conversation that’s well worth having</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:32 PM
I can see from a quick look that the go bindings have vendor stuff in it, for example it has the ability to use Sauce Labs out of the box</p>

<p>5:33
even if I work for Sauce, we need to see all those things in case we want to merge them</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:34 PM
Aye</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:36 PM
I know how the Grid works (in general), but I still have black spots in my head when talking about bindings
we need someone who knows how bindings should work and do a check on the go bindings</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:37 PM
sounds like ‘we think having the go bindings in the main project is cool, but currently the people in the channel right now dont have enough interest (or knowledge) to drive the conversation’</p>

<p>5:38
likely also have to talk to sfc about rights transfer and such. though the existing licensing could cover it</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:39 PM
maybe we bring the topic back in 2 weeks and see how people feel?</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:40 PM
SGTM</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:41 PM
ok. i didnt have anything else? did anyone else?</p>

<p>Simon Stewart  5:42 PM
I’ve got other meetings to attend, so nowt from me</p>

<p>adamgoucher  5:43 PM
taking silence from the rest as a no. thanks everyone!</p>

<p>Diego Molina  5:43 PM
Thank you all!</p>

            

<p><b>Tags</b></p>
<divs>
    
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/tags/slack/">slack</a>
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/tags/meeting/">meeting</a>
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/tags/tlc/">tlc</a></divs>


            

<p><b>Categories</b></p>
<div>
    
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/categories/general/">general</a>
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/categories/governance/">governance</a></div>


            <div class="share-container">
                <h3>Share this: </h3>

                <a href="mailto:?&subject=Selenium Blog - Public%20Project%20Meeting%20-%20April%209%2c%202020&body=https%3a%2f%2fselenium.dev%2fblog%2f2020%2fpublic-project-meeting-20200409%2f"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/mail.png"/></a>
                <a href="https://twitter.com/home?status=https%3a%2f%2fselenium.dev%2fblog%2f2020%2fpublic-project-meeting-20200409%2f"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/twitter.png"/></a>
                <a href="https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://selenium.dev"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/facebook.png"/></a>
            </div>
        </div>
        
        <div class="container dark-background">
            Tuesday, December 23, 2014 by <a href="https://twitter.com/TourDeDave">Tour de Dave</a>
            <a href="https://selenium.dev/blog/2014/selenium-hangout-6-recap/"><h2>Selenium Hangout 6 Recap</h2></a>
            <p><span class="embed-youtube" style="text-align:center; display: block;"><iframe class='youtube-player' type='text/html' width='560' height='315' src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/ASVqZPN3j7k?version=3&#038;rel=1&#038;fs=1&#038;autohide=2&#038;showsearch=0&#038;showinfo=1&#038;iv_load_policy=1&#038;wmode=transparent' allowfullscreen='true' style='border:0;'></iframe></span>
<p><strong>01:35 &#8211; 9:45 W3C Update</strong><br />
<a href="http://www.theautomatedtester.co.uk/blog/2014/webdriver-face-to-face-tpac-2014.html">Notes from most recent W3C Meeting</a><br />
Highlights:<br />
&#8211; changes to the get_attribute method call<br />
&#8211; screenshots (changing to viewport only, eventually will support whole page)<br />
&#8211; <a href="https://github.com/w3c/webdriver">The WebDriver W3C working group has a GitHub repo now</a><br />
&#8211; WebDriver will move from a &#8220;REST-ish&#8221; to a more &#8220;RESTful&#8221; interface</p>
<p><strong>11:23 &#8211; 16:00 Selenium 3 Status Update</strong></p>
<p><strong>16:05 &#8211; 17:10 Marionette (FirefoxdDiver rewrite) testing help </strong><br />
<a href="https://wiki.mozilla.org/Auto-tools/Projects/Marionette/Auto-tools/Projects/Marionette/Roadmap#Roadmap">Marionette Roadmap</a></p>
<p><strong>17:20 &#8211; 19:27 ChemistryKit rewrite</strong><br />
<a href="http://davehaeffner.com/open-source/2014/12/21/chemistry-rewrite.html">Announcement blog post</a></p>
<p><strong>17:28 &#8211; 20:24 Visual Testing Part 1</strong><br />
<a href="http://testautomation.applitools.com/post/105435804567/how-to-do-visual-testing-with-selenium">Getting Started with Visual Testing</a><br />
<a href="http://applitools.com">Applitools</a> (visual testing cloud solution built on top of WebDriver)</p>
<p><strong>20:25 &#8211; 23:47 Selenium Guidebook in Java!</strong><br />
<a href="http://davehaeffner.com/selenium-guidebook">The Selenium Guidebook</a></p>
<p><strong>23:52 &#8211; 29:51 Visual Testing Part 2</strong><br />
<a href="http://webconsistencytesting.com/how-it-works.html">Web Consistency Testing</a><br />
<a href="http://nirvdrum.com/2014/11/20/open-sourcing-mogotest.html">Why MogoTest won&#8217;t be open sourcing it&#8217;s code after shutting down</a><br />
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WY3C6FHqSqQ">Michael Tamm&#8217;s GTAC talk on Fighting Layout Bugs</a><br />
<a href="http://testautomation.applitools.com/post/105435804567/how-to-do-visual-testing-with-selenium">Getting Started with Visual Testing</a></p></p>

            

<p><b>Tags</b></p>
<divs>
    
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/tags/hangout/">hangout</a></divs>


            

<p><b>Categories</b></p>
<div>
    
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/categories/general/">general</a>
    <a href="https://selenium.dev/categories/governance/">governance</a></div>


            <div class="share-container">
                <h3>Share this: </h3>

                <a href="mailto:?&subject=Selenium Blog - Selenium%20Hangout%206%20Recap&body=https%3a%2f%2fselenium.dev%2fblog%2f2014%2fselenium-hangout-6-recap%2f"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/mail.png"/></a>
                <a href="https://twitter.com/home?status=https%3a%2f%2fselenium.dev%2fblog%2f2014%2fselenium-hangout-6-recap%2f"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/twitter.png"/></a>
                <a href="https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://selenium.dev"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/facebook.png"/></a>
            </div>
        </div>
        

        

        <div class="pagination-container">
            
            <div class="button-container">
                <a href="/categories/governance/page/2/">
                    <div class="button page-button"><b>OLDER POSTS</b></div>
                </a>
            </div>
            

            
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

<!DOCTYPE html>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.css"/>

<div class="selenium-backers separator">
    <h2>Selenium Level Sponsors</h2>
    <div class="backers">
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="http://www.browserstack.com/automate/?utm_campaign=open-source-sponsor&utm_source=seleniumorg&utm_medium=referral">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/browserstack.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="http://saucelabs.com">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/saucelabs.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="http://bit.ly/36uZ7ad">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/experitest.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="https://newrelic.com/synthetics?utm_campaign=brn+awr+seleniumorg+FY17Q1&utm_medium=REF&utm_source=selenium.dev&utm_content=synthetics-logo+&mpc=REF-selenium.dev-EN-generic--synthetics-logo">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/synthetics.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="https://crossbrowsertesting.com/selenium-testing?utm_source=seleniumhq&utm_campaign=sshp">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/CBT.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="https://applitools.com/">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/applitools.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="https://www.ranorex.com/selocity/browser-extension.html">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/selocity_banner_seleniumhq.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="https://software.microfocus.com/en-us/software/leanft">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/microfocus_logo.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
        
        <div class="backer-logo">
            <a href="http://www.subject-7.com/">
                <img class="backer-logo" src="/images/sponsors/subject7_logo.png"/>
            </a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>


<!DOCTYPE html>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.css"/>

<html>
<head>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
</head>

<div class="support-selenium-container">
    <div class="support-selenium">
        <h2>Support the Selenium Project</h2>
        <p>Want to support the Selenium project? Learn more or view the full list of sponsors.</p>
        <div class="button-container">
            <a href="/sponsors">
                <div class="button"><b>LEARN MORE</b></div>
            </a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

<body>


</body>

<!DOCTYPE html>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/footer.css"/>

<html>
<head>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
</head>

<footer>
    <div onClick="toggleSitemap()" class="toggle-container">
        Sitemap
        <div id="sitemapArrow" class="arrow-down"></div>
    </div>

    <div id="navLinks" class="nav-links">
        <div class="footer-section">
            <a href="/about"><h3>About</h3></a>
            <a href="/events">Events</a>
            <a href="/blog">News</a>
            <a href="/history">History</a>
            <a href="/sponsor">Contribute</a>
            <a href="/sponsors">Sponsors</a>
            <a href="/getinvolved">Get Involved</a>
            <a href="/ecosystem">Ecosystem</a>
            <a href="https://selenium.dev/documentation/en/front_matter/copyright_and_attributions/#license">License</a>
        </div>
        <div class="footer-section">
            <a href="/downloads"><h3>Downloads</h3></a>
            <a href="/maven">Maven</a>
            <a href="https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium">Source Code</a>
        </div>
        <div class="footer-section">
            <a href="/projects"><h3>Projects</h3></a>
            <a href="/projects/#selenium-webdriver">Selenium WebDriver</a>
            <a href="/projects/#selenium-grid">Selenium Grid</a>
            <a href="/projects/#selenium-ide">Selenium IDE</a>
        </div>
        <div class="footer-section">
            <a href="/support"><h3>Support</h3></a>
            <a href="/blog">Blog</a>
            <a href="/documentation">Documentation</a>
            <a href="/project">Governance</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="social">
        Follow us on twitter to keep up-to-date with all Selenium development and community activity!
        <div class="social-icons">
            <a href="mailto:selenium@sfconservancy.org"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/mail.png"/></a>
            <a href="https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/github.png"/></a>
            <a href="https://twitter.com/SeleniumHQ"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/twitter.png"/></a>
            <a href="https://www.facebook.com/Selenium2.WebDriver"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/facebook.png"/></a>
            <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbDlgX_613xNMrDqCe3QNEw"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/youtube.png"/></a>
            <a href="/blog/index.xml"><img class="social-icon" src="/images/rss.png"/></a>
        </div>
    </div>
</footer>
<div class="sfc">
    <p style="text-align:center;">All rights reserved, Software Freedom Conservancy</p>
</div>
<body>

<script>
function toggleSitemap () {
  const sitemapArrow = document.getElementById("sitemapArrow");
  const navLinks = document.getElementById("navLinks");

  if(sitemapArrow.className === 'arrow-down') {
    sitemapArrow.className = 'arrow-up'
  } else {
    sitemapArrow.className = 'arrow-down'
  }

  if(navLinks.className === 'nav-links') {
    navLinks.className = 'nav-links show'
  } else {
    navLinks.className = 'nav-links'
  }
}
</script>

